All right we've finished our course on RLDS and Dynamo D-B.
And I'd like to give you a huge tank for joining me in this course.
This course was a great Henzen course I believe to learn more about AWOS Python and both of three.
So if you want to implement your own RLDS solutions or if you want to implement your own dynamo D-B
tables and you want to maybe update them or describe them.
Take backups of them are simply everything about dynamo D-B.
You can now you can go out and implement your own solutions based on what you've seen here.
So again I'd like to thank you very much.
And also I'd like to thank my wife for giving me this opportunity create this course so for the next
sections of AWOS I'll be preparing more of the AWOS taste of python and both those three.
So stay tuned for my courses and I'll be seeing you on the next one.